Added note about exclude includes bin and obj folders (#10785)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/csproj.md

The following table shows which element and which [globs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)) are both included and excluded in the SDK: 

| Element          	| Include glob                           	  | Exclude glob                                     	            | Remove glob             	 |
|-------------------|-------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------|
| Compile          	| \*\*/\*.cs (or other language extensions) | \*\*/\*.user;  \*\*/\*.\*proj;  \*\*/\*.sln;  \*\*/\*.vssscc 	| N/A                     	 |
| EmbeddedResource 	| \*\*/\*.resx                             	| \*\*/\*.user; \*\*/\*.\*proj; \*\*/\*.sln; \*\*/\*.vssscc     | N/A                     	 |
| None             	| \*\*/\*                                  	| \*\*/\*.user; \*\*/\*.\*proj; \*\*/\*.sln; \*\*/\*.vssscc     | \*\*/\*.cs; \*\*/\*.resx   |

> [!NOTE]

> > **Exclude glob** always excludes the `./bin` (which is `$(BaseOutputPath)`) and `./obj` (which is `$(BaseIntermediateOutputPath)`) folders. As a whole, all excludes are represented by `$(DefaultItemExcludes)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Exclude glob** always excludes the `./bin` and `./obj` folders, which are represented by the `$(BaseOutputPath)` and `$(BaseIntermediateOutputPath)` MSBuild properties, respectively. As a whole, all excludes are represented by `$(DefaultItemExcludes)`.
```
